== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


How to install
Install ruby server
1. Download the server installer (https://bitnami.com/stack/ruby/installer)
2. follow instruction to install it
3. Don't forget to set path. Later on, you need to use ruby commands to run server.

Install shopify-bulkimport app
1. Download app from https://github.com/shenlu2011/shopify-bulkimport
2. extract to wherever you what
3. work in the app folder
3.1 $cd [\path\to\app\folder\]shopify-bulkimport\
3.2 $bundle install  // to install of the gems
3.3 $rails generate generator shopify-bulkimport
3.4 $rails server
3.5 open internet explorer and connect to localhost:3000/login

How to use

In order to use private app, you need to create a private app on your shopify store and then you will have API_KEY, PASSWORD, and so on. You will use API_KEY, PASSWORD to access to your shopify store data. You can name your private app whatever you want. If you can get the API_KEY and PASSWORD, you can access to the shopify store data.

In order to upload images, you need to have a online space and upload to shopify from the online space, which is the way shopify works. I used my webhosting to test the app. It works.

1. upload images to your distributed site
2. enter the distributed site image folder address into "distributedsite textfield:
enter your local image folder absolute path into "localsite textfield"
3. fill out other fields.



